APPLICATION FACT SHEET

APPLICATION DESCRIPTION
The application that I am making is for a family to manage appointments, 
time and deadlines.  2 users can be selected from the home screen. The 2 
options are parent and child which have their own separate pages with 
different actions that can performed. As a parent they are able to add 
details of appointments, view upcoming appointments, change details of 
appointments, add notes to an appointment that have previously taken 
place and cancel appointments. Because they are the parent, they have 
this control for all family members regarding those actions they can 
perform. The child can perform less actions due to being a child and 
not giving them adult responsibilities in regard to using the website. 
The child is able to enter deadlines they ned to meet, view their own 
deadlines, show they have completed a deadline, move the deadline and 
delete their deadline.

Operating the website is easy as the user is greeted with a home page 
that allows the selection between a parent or child. On both pages are 
large and easy to read buttons that bring up a pop up for the buttons 
related actions once clicked. Selecting view appointments for the parent 
would bring up all family member appointments for example. For an action 
that needs data input such as moving the deadline of a child appointment, 
the pop up will allow data entry of a new date so that it can be moved. 
The website has been designed to be minimalistic for younger demographics 
to be able to use due to children needing to use the website. 

KEY FEATURES OF THE WEBSITE
•	Parents can perform actions and manage appointments for the entire family 
•	Children only being able to view and edit their own appointments.
•	The use of pop ups to reduce the number of pages that are needed
•	Pages made specifically for each user, parent and child to make it clearer as user specific functions will only be able to be performed on each page.
•	Simple use of large buttons to and minimal material on each page to keep navigation smooth and fast loading times
